Show updated information on latest tideways change (#1241)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/administration/integrations/tideways.md

# Tideways

Platform.sh supports [Tideways APM](https://tideways.com/) for PHP.  This functionality is only available on PHP 7.0 and later.

> The Upstream now maintains two versions for tideways (and therefore both plugins are available on Platform.sh):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upstream now maintains two versions for Tideways (and therefore both plugins are available on Platform.sh):
```

> * [tideways_xhprof](https://github.com/tideways/php-xhprof-extension): Which is the Opensource version therefore no licensing required (On the downside, less integration service available). You can use it in combination with [xhprof UI](https://github.com/phacility/xhprof)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [tideways_xhprof](https://github.com/tideways/php-xhprof-extension): The open source version, therefore no licensing is required (On the downside, less integration services are available). You can use it in combination with [xhprof UI](https://github.com/phacility/xhprof).
```

> * [tideways](https://tideways.com): Which is the bundle proprietary full version of the product and plugins, which the rest of the guide is mostly aimed to cover that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [tideways](https://tideways.com): The bundle proprietary full version of the product and plugins, which the rest of the guide is mostly aimed to cover.
```

Tideways should now be enabled.  Give it a few hours to a day to get a decent set of data before checking your Tideways dashboard.

## Deployment Integration

> Tideways integrates with platform.sh Deployment Hooks and provides performance comparisons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tideways integrates with Platform.sh Deployment Hooks and provides performance comparisons
```

> Tideways integrates with platform.sh Deployment Hooks and provides performance comparisons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tideways integrates with Platform.sh deployment hooks and provides performance comparisons
```

Author: This one was redundant, already applied :smile:

> before and after deployments were released. You can find the platform CLI command to register

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before and after deployments were released. You can find the Platform.sh CLI command to register
```

this hook for your application in Tideways "Application Settings" screen under the section
"Exports & Integrations". Here is an example:

```bash

> $ platform integration:add --type=webhook --url="https://app.tideways.io/api/events/external/1234/abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234567890"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
platform integration:add --type=webhook --url="https://app.tideways.io/api/events/external/1234/abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234567890"
```
